# Community suggestions
 ## Polina:
 Polina already made a PR with changes to the README and issue tracker, as well as left a text file attachment with updated description for "Complete ETL" Milestone.

 Suggestions that have not yet been impleneted:
 
 3) Sharing Checklist:
According to the Technical architecture design, what about adding more points?
For example, OHDSI Ecosystem Infrastructure:
*Evaluated
*Designed
*Created
*Documented
4) Installation of the OHDSI tools - are there more options? How can sites verify that they have installed everything?
5) ETL Validation
Submit Achilles/DQD/AresIndexer results to a central location regularly -
I have doubts about "regularly." Perhaps consider these options:
*Submitted the 1st validation result
*Submitted subsequent validation result(s)
6) Flowsheets Checklist:
Identify which codes are already mapped to standard vocabulary - maybe OMOP Standardized Vocabularies?
Identify code types for codes that need to be mapped -- what do you mean by "code types"?
Create proposed code mappings - doubts about "proposed"

## Dan:
1.	 Under overview "Standing up the OHDSI toolstack to extract standardized quality and characterization information, and subsequently sharing quality and characterization information with SM" -- stating what tools specifically may help ease the mystery and ambiguity of what "OHDSI toolstack" may refer to as I found that when learning all these concepts that there was a lot of new words and terms to keep track of so I think being specific here is better if possible
2.	Will other sites be able to see everyone else's progress? It makes sense that SM PIs need to see it but should everyone see everyone else's progress so they can know if they are behind or that they aren't alone in where they are stuck
3.	I like the breakup of Complete ETL, Results Sharing, Flowsheets, especially because 'complete ETL' seems like a daunting task so being broken into small manageable pieces is ideal

4.	I agree that participation is going to be crucial for each site, maybe on a weekly basis? is there a way to encourage this participation? Im afraid saying it's for their benefit may not be enough to get some sites to contribute and I think it's better the more sites contribute so other sites can see where they are in the process

## Heidi:
See email from Marty with commented word documents attached.

## Notes:
### Overlapping suggestions ("greatest hits"):
 - Both Dan and Heidi suggested that we elaborate on **"OHDSI Tool Stack"**. Polina also asked "How can sites verify that they have installed everything?
 - Maybe an appendix or additional sections in the README to flesh out some of the concepts that are introduced in the overview. It seems like both reviewers are getting stuck on certain terms in the high-level overview. Some link from the term in the overview to a more detailed description could help with that.
